our home page let us go to sign up and
create an account
let us give
account
this is our website and if we close this
website
and open that again open the browser
again
your login information will be
remembered
see we see one two three and these are
the appears these are the set
these are the passwords and these are
the solids
there are only four solids we can also
log out from this site let us go to
the admin page of this site
[Music]
and try to add one more seller
so this is the hundred side we decided
to
add salad right let us go to there
and add salad task in the salad name
chicken salad
let us log out
and go to our home website
i'm logging with that cco
so if we see charlotte from the chicken
salad
which we have added just now and
rishi can add orders
for him asking for confirmation
on this
replace checkout task for his
confirmation
you can see 8.25.25
total becomes 16.5 and once you click
confirm the button gets disabled and we
can see
the placeholders in this
now you can logout
unlocking
me
let us login admin can see the
orders here
let us place one more order
some other account
so this is the account of confusion if
you see his
orders will be empty so let us
add some more for him let us have one
piece of person
we play call you tokens
it shows us all the information and
asked us to
confirm let us check out some portal
cash which will show us
and let us click to ok now if we see
your order you will find that
you know water has been placed and let
us log in from
admin account
and see the auto switch you
you can see that the button has been
disabled and if we
go to that
vc account sorry
and log into that account and if we see
his orders you can see the status is
completed
and let's add some more
let's add the specialties for him
check out the total should be
25.95 you can see the total is 25.99 let
us confirm the order
we can see that this is the previous
order completed
and this is